# terms_and_conditions_of_use

Website and Frostware server Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing Frostware Products or Services, accessible from Frostware Server and Website, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing Frostware products. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.

2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials on Frostware's products  for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;
attempt to reverse engineer any software contained on Frostware Products;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transferring the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This will let Frostware to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.

3. Disclaimer
All the materials in products of Frostware are provided “as is”. Frostware makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Frostware does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or Discord server or any other platform or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website.

4. Limitations
Frostware or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the Products of FROSTWARE, even if Frostware or an authorize representative of Frostware has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Frostware's products may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Frostware will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Frostware may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Frostware does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links
Frostware has not reviewed all of the Services linked to Frostware and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked service. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Frostware of the site. The use of any linked Service is at the user's own risk.

7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Frostware may revise these Terms of Use for its Services or Products at any time without prior notice. By using Frostware Products, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

8. Governing Law
Any claim related to Frostware shall be governed by the laws of Country without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
